#1 When user visits a page, he should see header with logo, "filter", "adjust", "crop", "resize", "rotate", "flip" tabs and "Download" button. 

#2 He should see main section with "Upload" button when  he visits a page

#3 All tabs and the "download" button are locked until user uploads picture

#4 The "upload" button must import image to the main section adjusting canvas to image size

#5 When user imports image, the "filter" tab must be active. Also there options for a tab should appear

#6 When user clicks on arrow button, options should disappear. 

#7 When user clicks on a tab. corresponding options should appear and the tab is switched

#8 When user click "download" button, the dialog window should appear to download image (in .jpg format)

#9 Options of the "filter" tab should contain 15 different filters (see more in screenshots). When user clicks on a filter, it should change the photo

#10 Options of "adjust" tab should contain sliders for brightness, contrast, saturation. When user drags slider, the photo should be change corresponding way 

#11 Options of "crop" tab should contain input fields for width and height, aspect ratio options, "apply" and "reset" buttons

#12 When "crop" tab is selected, there should appear draggable rectangle. Also when user drags on of the fourth corners, this rectangle's size and position should change

#12 When user change value in "width" field, the size of rectangle should change but position of the left corner of rectangle should stay the same

#13 The same is true for "height" field changing but there the height of rectangle changes

#14 When user chooses predefined aspect ratio, rectangle should change it's size according to aspect ratio. Also the rectangle should be centered

#15 When user click "apply", canvas should change so that it contains selected part of image. 

#16 When user clicks "reset", canvas should reset to the original state

#17 Options of "resize" tab should consist of "width" and "height" inputs, "lock aspect ratio" check and "apply"/"reset" buttons (they do the same functionality as in "crop" tab)

#18 When user drags rectangle on the top layer, this one should change in size and stay centered. When "lock aspect ratio" is selected, both width and height should change same way and proportionally to original/changed image size

#19 Options of "rotate" tab should consist of "to left" and "to right" buttons. When user clicks on them, the picture should rotate left or right 

#20 Options of "flip" tab should consist of "horizontal" and "vertical" buttons. When user clicks on them, the picture should be flipped horizontally (relative to y-axis) or vertically (relative to x-axis)